TERMS & CONDITIONS

Capstone is a trading name of Capstone INC.

We are committed to providing the best customer service to our customers.  Our terms and conditions apply to the use of our website and the conduct of the sale of retail goods to our customers.  If you have any questions please email us via our contact us page. Nothing in these terms and conditions will affect/reduce your statutory rights relating to faulty or misdescribed goods. For further information relating to your statutory rights, contact either the Citizens Advice Consumer Helpline, your local Citizens Advice Bureau, or your local authority Trading Standards Service for advice..

Products:

All prices, including delivery charges and personalisation, are inclusive of VAT at UK standard rate. All product images used on this site are only representative of goods on offer, actual goods may not be exactly the same colour, design or packaging.

All orders that you place on this website will be subject to acceptance in accordance with our terms and conditions. Following our receiving your order through the system, we will send an automated order acknowledgment email detailing the products you have ordered. This is not an order acceptance from Capstone, and as such any typographical or system errors in pricing may still be subject to correction. Acceptance of your order and completion of the contract between you and us will occur on despatch of goods, or collection from one of our stores for Click & Collect orders.

 

30 Day Money Back Guarantee (in-store and online):

We want you to be completely happy with your purchase.  In the event that you are unhappy with any unfaulty goods received, you have the right to return the goods under the terms of our 30 Day Money Back Guarantee.

Should you wish to return an unwanted item, please bring it back to us within 30 days of purchase. Returned items must be in a sellable condition, complete with all components and their original packaging intact.  We regret that any items received that are not in a sellable condition will not be able to be refunded unless they are faulty.

To return any products, please follow the instructions set out in our Returns procedure.

Please note, your right to return Products does NOT apply to Personalised Gifts.

 

Faulty Items:

Our products are manufactured and inspected to the highest standards.  If, however, your item develops a fault please contact customer services via our contact us page.  Refunds/exchanges are subject to reasonable expectation of performance and fair use in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions. Please follow the instructions set out in our Returns procedure.

Once inspected by our quality team, any faulty products will be exchanged or a full refund will be processed, inclusive of postage costs.

 

Copyright and Trademarks:

Capstone, Capstone.co.uk, and our logos are registered trademarks of Capstone LTD to be used by Capstone, and may not be used by anyone else without our express permission.

Capstone Limited does not give you any right or interest in any copyright or intellectual property rights in any Product nor the right to copy them.

The copyright in Capstone.co.uk and the content of all the software, website, and pages relating to the Capstone.co.uk website is owned by, or licensed to, Capstone LTD, unless otherwise specified and may not be used, copied or altered without our express consent.

Copyright extends to the design, look and feel of Capstone.co.uk, all photographs on it and it’s marketing materials.

You may use Capstone.co.uk for private and personal non-commercial use only - i.e. to view, copy, and print portions of Capstone.co.uk for the sole purpose of placing orders. The materials on Capstone.co.uk may not be used for any other purpose.

Capstone does not make any warranty or representation in respect of any other trademark and the trademarks of the brands featured on Capstone.co.uk belong to their respective owners.

All trademarks and copyrights are recognised. If you are the copyright owner and we have failed to credit you or you are unhappy with our use of your copyright then please contact us. Our office hours, which constitute a working day, are Monday to Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm


Gift Cards/Vouchers and Promotional Voucher Codes:


Gift vouchers can be used online or in any of our stores.

Gift vouchers are only to be used by the recipient's email address.

PLEASE NOTE: Unfortunately our website does NOT accept multiple gift cards on one transaction. However, multiple gift cards can be used for a single purchase in any of our stores.

Payment for the gift voucher will be charged on purchase not on the date of issue and are valid for 24 months from issue. The value of the gift voucher is your choice.

Confirmation of the Gift Voucher will only be sent to the purchaser once the order is confirmed by Capstone. Gift Vouchers can only be canceled by the purchaser within 1 hour of purchase and will not be valid until confirmation email received. Unwanted Gift Vouchers can not be returned.

Items bought using gift vouchers can be returned or exchanged but not refunded, only additional monies paid over and above the gift voucher will be refunded and a new gift voucher will be issued. When a new gift voucher is issued it will expire on the same date as the original gift voucher.

If you spend more than your gift voucher value you can pay the additional money at checkout, if you spend less than the gift voucher value you will have a credit balance to use later.

You may purchase more than one gift voucher at the same time.

Capstone will not accept liability of lost, stolen or damaged gift vouchers/cards.

Capstone reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the gift voucher/card at any time and take appropriate action, including cancellation of the voucher if, in it’s discretion, it deems such action necessary.

This does not affect your legal rights.

Usual Capstone terms and conditions of purchase and use of the Capstone.co.uk website apply.

 

Promotional Voucher Codes:

Promotional Voucher Codes are issued from time to time in promotions at the discretion of Capstone.co.uk

Only one Promotional Voucher Code can be redeemed against any single order placed with Capstone.co.uk by applying the Code in the Basket, and can only be used once.

Promotional voucher codes are only available for online purchases at Capstone.co.uk, they are not available for store purchases or when using the click and collect service.

Promotional Voucher Codes may not be used in conjunction with any other promotion.

Promotional Vouchers are not redeemable for cash and are not transferable or assignable.

Promotional Voucher Codes may not be sold. For the avoidance of doubt, this includes auctions and other online sales.

Usual Capstone terms and conditions of purchase and use of the Capstone.co.uk website apply.

 

Personal Data:

Capstone is a trading name of Capstone LTD

In order to provide you with the best and easiest online shopping experience possible, we need to gather certain pieces of information from you. Your name and address is required to deliver the products you have ordered.

We ask for your email address when you register on the site and ask you to create a password. You then do not need to re-enter your name and address when you return to the site at a later date. We use your email address to confirm your order, to keep you informed of its progress and to request feedback on our products and services using a third party data processor acting on our behalf.  Use of your data will remain under the control of Capstone Limited as a part of Capstone (the "data controller"); the data processor does not have the authority to use your information for any other purpose and will not pass details on to any other third party. We would also like to send you our newsletter and special offers, but respect that this is a personal choice; you may opt in or out at any time.

 

Severance:

If any part of the Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of the Terms.

 

Limitation of Liability:

To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (both of which terms includes, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to use of the website.

 

Online Dispute Resolution website:

If you find you are unhappy with any decisions made regarding our returns procedures you can contact the Online Dispute Resolution website which is an official website managed by the European Commission dedicated to helping consumers and traders resolve their disputes out-of-court. https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr 